When every face you meet has a smile on it!
What is it like meeting a person for the first time and in a few seconds the two of you are talking like you have known each other for years? Am yet to figure out a name for such an experience.This is the normal routine in Andela Boot camp,for every new person you meet, they are wearing a smile on.If my mathematics are not wrong, making a new friend in the boot camp is 80% higher than making one in my normal life, but this does not come automatic. one has to adapt to the Andela culture of relationship building.
This is what has made me develop strong relationship with people i just met 2 days ago. They have become my most close friends here at boot camp, even when i take my computer in the morning, the first thing i want to see is a good morning text from them.This are Paul my learning facilitator, Jonathan my team mate and Irene my team mate.This are the people who have an update of what is happening in my life, if i go missing , the police should ask them first before anyone else.Getting to interact with them has been easy as by default they are aligned to the andela culture of relationship building. I have found a lot of interesting characters on them, some are similar and others are not.
I will start by describing the only lady in our team, just like any other lady in the boot camp, Irene is focused in making sure she makes it in a field that has for long been dominated my men. personally i have found Irene as very friendly person, always replying to my texts in a jovial mood, its this friendly nature that makes me to always want to know of her progress when she has been silent for more than two hours. Irene is not a person who will struggle with a blocker on her own, always reaching out for help when she is stack. Anytime i see her notification i have to quickly rush and try and unblock her. Generally, she is that one person who will feel free to interact with you if she feels you are approachable.There are a lot of things to say about her, maybe it would require me to write a blog of her alone.
Let me talk of my male team mate Jonathan, This guy will not leave you hanging with a problem. If you were sharing a blocker with him and he happens to come across a solution, i can guarantee  he will share the solution with you.He is always checking on ones status, am sure i will never miss a text inquiring my progress from him every day. He is that kind of a person who will feel guilty if you were stack in a problem and he was not available to help you solve it.Jonathan is also very cautious with what he does, he leaves nothing at chance, if you two argue of what should be included in a task, be sure to find everything included there.I would also need i blog to describe him more.
Bingo! The paragraph i was waiting for, the one i got to talk about Paul, i had earlier mentioned he is my learning facilitator, i had not expected a learning facilitator could be this friendly, maybe my mind was still stack on some of my campus lectures. Paul has turned out to be very approachable, more than what i had hoped for
